Set Up TorchRec Docs (#2434)
facebookresearch/torchrec: docs/source/stable/datatypes-api-reference.rst

TorchRec DataTypes
----------------------------------

TorchRec contains data types for representing embedding, otherwise known as sparse, features.
Sparse features are typically indices that are meant to be fed into embedding tables. For a given
batch, the number of embedding lookup indices are variable. Therefore, there is a need for a **jagged**
dimension to represent the variable amount of embedding lookup indices for a batch.

There are 3 main classes:

* **JaggedTensor**:

>     A JaggedTensor is a tensor with a jagged dimension which is dimension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A JaggedTensor is a tensor with a jagged dimension meaning
```

>     whose slices may be of different lengths. Can optionally include weights

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    its slices may be of different lengths. It can optionally include weights
```
